

1.
All the deer heads shot up. Many anxious noses sniffed the frosty air.
A deadly silence settled over the forest as the doe searched the meadow with her deep, brown eyes. Something bad was in the air. She swiveled her ears back and forth. Something was wrong.
Abruptly a high pitched whistling rung through the silence. Startled all the deer dove wild eyed into the shadows of the trees, the branches whipping and crashing together as something huge dove over them. Frantically jumping through trees the little doe couldn't feel her stomach. As she leaped over a log she looked up and saw a hug white dragon pulling up from his dive.
Terrified she scrambled in some barbbight bushes under a tree and stood there trembling. Peaking out of the brambles at the dragon she squinting at him as he soared away. It looked like he had a brown pack on his back. Surprised she stared at the insignia sewn on the leather message carrier he was carrying.
"Quake!" she thought a sick feeling twisted in her stomach.
This time she was shaking with hatred instead of fear as she watched the scaly beast fly away.
"Some day " she hissed in her head, " I will take back my kingdom AND my true form."
If she had lips she would have spat.


2.
The golden sphere of the sun lightly touched the top of the shimmering mountain as I flew over the dark forests of Telmer. I remember the pale sky and white scatter of fluffy clouds reflecting in the joyful stretch of lake at the mountain's feet. I had to get to the mountain before sunset. It would be such a drag if I made Quake mad for being late. She's such a pain. 

Flapping my enormously muscular wings... wait, you didn't know that I was a dragon? I thought it was kind o' obvious. I mean, if I flew over no one would look up and think, 'Whoa!, what a weird deformed looking dog!' or some thing. Anyways, I was thinking about Quake. She's such a pain...
Movement from the shadowy forest caught my eye. Flapping my wings to slow down, I cocked my scaly white head to get a better look.
Deer, my stomach growled.
 
There were six deer in a small clearing.
Glancing back up at the shivering sun as I flapped so'more I thought of what Quake might do to me if I 'jeopardized her plans.' Looking down again at the silent specks of deer in the forest, all those days of constant flying to delver a stupid secret message to some mega-sorcerer, then having to turn right back around and bring the reply of that stupid message, with no breaks, no stops for food, no 'thanks Steven for all your effort, you're such a fast-'… My stomach won.
Folding my wings closer to my body I quickly rolled into a dive.
I deserved too anyways.
The entire world tipped on it's edge as the humming wind turned into a terrifying roar. My golden eyes had been fixed on a particularly small doe.
Tilting my wings a little I steered to the east of the clearing so that my shadow wouldn't flash across the deer at the last moment of the dive. White streamers of frost stretched out from the tips of my wings and caught the glowing sunlight.
The wicked branches of the trees around the clearing started rushing up towards me, and I could feel my heart pounding in my chest as I slowly opened my numb wings. The pull-up had to be just right or I would end up killing myself crashing in to the ground.
Starting to pull up I zipped over the tree branches into the deer's dark clearing at an angle towards the little doe. Abruptly a high pitched whistling rung in my ears.
Startled I desperately reached out my claws to snatch... air. The deer had completely disappeared! I mean, one minute I was grabbing at a succulent doe, then all at once, all I was grabbing at were a bunch of shadows! What the heck happ- sharply I pulled up away from the ground whipping toward the tree branches. Crashing through them, they clawed, snagged, and pulled at my body as if trying to drag me down. Desperately I broke away from the demented forest and looked back down at the fleeing deer. They were jumping over a log. Curse it!, I had completely forgotten about my message pack! It must have caught the sound of the wind.
The little doe would have been perfect! Light enough to quickly carry away and small enough to scarf down as I flew back to Quake.
Wait, Quake!
Quickly I looked up and gave a surprised squawk. The sun was almost behind the mountain now! Roughly I turned into the frosty breeze and heaved my tired wings up and down to get more altitude.
What!, had an hour passed while I was diving, or some thing!?
Leveling off, my stomach sank as the whole stretch of Lake Froth stood before me running all the way to the mountain's feet.
My frozen back and shoulders groaned. There would be no place to rest or stop once I started out over the lake; but if I wait any longer I'll run the risk of infuriating Quake. The lake didn't look happy or sparkly any more. It glinted ominously at me with a winking light.
To go on would risk falling into the lake and drowning. To wait and rest would risk making Quake angry...
I'll risk the lake.
I'ed been Quakes indentured servant for almost ten years, and I didn't wont to give her any more reasons to extend my service again before turning me back into a man, as she had promised.
All of the lakes lapping waves seamed to whisper 'fall, fall, fall' hungrily as I started out through the chilly air.



CHAPTER #1

